Can you go through the process of uploading images please for part B cause it does not work for me
A: Yes, (see video  recording).

For part D how can I move the position of a column?
A: The actual columns are before the normal columns because I joined the actual data with the normal data. The diff columns are at the end because I computed them after doing the join. But the actual order of the columns is not important.

For my assignment 2 grade in "My Grades" on blackboard, there isn't an indication at all of an assignment 2 if that makes sense, it just shows assignment 1 and shows nothing else?
A: No, assignment 2 grading has not been completed, so results are currently hidden.

Can I just double check my understanding of what is meant by normal? 
I've applied the average functions for each measurement  based on the day or the week for part C. 
But in part D the same theory of averaging seems to create the non-normal data. 
Essentially, what is the difference between "Volume" and "Normal_volume" in part D?
A: If we consider just the first row in the example data, 2.62 is the average volume on 1st May 2021 between midnight and 1am (note that the 21st May was a Saturday, day=5). 2.65 is the average volume on Saturdays between midnight and 1am. 

Can you talk about how the join function works for Task D? 
When i try joining the normal df with the average df, the cells are filled with NaN when the normal df runs out of rows. 
How do we sort the joined dataframe so the rows are consistent like the template?
A: The join process has nothing to do with sorting. When you perform the join operation you need to specify with column (or in this case columns) to do the join on.

When will A2 results be released?
A: Normally 2 weeks after it is submitted.

How can I see the sample solutions again
A: Option 1: rename EGB103Assignment3PartA.ipynb file to say EGB103Assignment3PartASolb.ipynb (within Jupyter environment), then click on part A link from Blackboard to reload a fresh version.
   Option 2: Goto Blackboard, Assignment 3 page and download file EGB103Assignment3PartA.ipynb which is attached (at the top) to the assessment item.

After I input my codes, it overwrites the sample solutions you provided in the template.
A: Yes. See previous question.

Could you please help with trying to write a function for % difference for part D?
A: The difference between the actual and the normal divided by the normal (expressed as a percentage). See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relative_change_and_difference

It appears you cannot join dfs if the indexs are different. how do we join only specific columns, i.e. don't want the Day and Hour columns from the 'normal' df.
A: See https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/dev/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.join.html
   The on parameter specifies the column(s) of the data frame that must match the index of the other data frame.

So your normal values are more or less repeating over the 1464 rows?
A: Yes, repeating every week (or every 168 rows).

What do you mean by “normal” in the dataset?
A: The average at for a particular day of the week and particular hour of the day.

I am trying to delete the Time_AEST column from the combined lane data for part D but even when I use drop etc. it still doesn’t disappear?
A: Don't delete stuff, create new dataframes based on the existing data frames.
   The Time_AEST column contains both a date and a time. For part D, we don't need the time part, just the date and the hour of the day. When then average over all times during that day and hour.

So do you mean (for part D), a group-by of the hour? 
A: That's for you to work out.

Should we change combined data to only show the average per hour?"
A: You don't change combined data, you create a new data frame based on the combined data (by averaging per hour).

Do we create a new file for Part A, just like what we did for Assignment 2?
A: No, a template .ipynb file has been provided for part A and part B of assignment 3.

Does part D use combined lanes on the left?
A: The left is based on the combined lanes, but it has only one row per hour, whereas combined_lanes has one row for every minute.

When doing the averaging on the combined laned data before the merge, you still need arithmetic for the speed?
A: No. When averaging speed you should always use harmonic mean speed, not arithmetic mean.

For Part B, Can I do research about the game theory and related stuff, or I must be some real life actions? Thanks
A: Only if you can explain how game theory can help solve an engineering problem.

so can we utilize this function again for part d to the combined data before the join?
A: Yes, you can use any of the functions however you like.

your email about the two minor errors in the Part A template?
A: Yes, see Blackboard announcement for two errors in part A template.

Why does my normal table show different values for speed column in task b
A: Different to what?